Document dialect 3 and multi projection (#3220)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/docs/Configuring.md

#### Notes

> * `DIALECT 2`, or greater than `2`, is required for Vector Similarity Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Vector similarity search requires `DIALECT 2` or greater.
```

* added in v2.4.3

> * `DIALECT 3`, or greater than `3`, is required for returning multi values from `FT.SEARCH` and `FT.AGGREGATE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Returning multiple values from `FT.SEARCH` and `FT.AGGREGATE` requires `DIALECT 3` (or greater, when available). 
```

> * added in v2.6.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added in v2.6.1.
```
